Post compo Ludum Dare plans
• Tiles
• Icons
• Sound effects
• Random time events
• Intro screen

• Bustling agents
• Detailed end screen
• Improved slider
• Implement other button functions
• Animate stats

Improve algorithm for order of assignment of fields. Weigh proximity to water and urban center. Make sure there are unbroken irrigation canals from tile to river.
Multiple tile designs for unowned land.
Stages of crop growth including blight and flooded
Animated tiles for floodwaters and disease clouds.
Moving agents on roads and river. Route to and from map edges and city center spawned by trade deals and harvest time

Summary is a census so happens after harvest months but before sowing season.

Add effects for high and low ration  levels. Extra immigration or emigration.
Give ten year goal which can be continued or shared with ratings.
Impeachement for starving too many people.
Animate event log with each event moving down screen in a list.

Keyboard controls with more detailed tooltips showing key. 
All interface buttons have associated sound. Events have sound based on severity.

Population and food depicted as icons that animate on increase or depletion.
Price to sell/buy land coloured to show whether good or bad deal. Slight change each month with event log alert for big shifts.

Rebalance cost of planting fields so more labourers needed to setup irrigation at start. Allow assignment of labourers to build homes, grain storage or walls.
Low rations make plague worse. Rats/spoilage reduced by silos which have a limited space. Floods cause damage to city unless there are walls.

Record when disasters happen and mark on end game graph.
🐀🌊🤢
Sanity check values for harvests and rebalance amount of land owned.
Change Algorithm for immigration so plague results in fewer immigrants when it hits. Growth should be faster in good times.
Starvation should be slower and have a big effect on approval. If approval gets to low have riots leading to loss.

Use linked sliders for labour assignment. Show changes on hover before clicking and add in drag ability.
Extra info on mouse over of stat icons. Create dummy button element with no click effect.
